Assignment 7.

Part 1 (In class and on GitHub)

Project presentations: Milestone 1.

1. Specify who does what on your team.
hardware: industrial design-pillow/ arduino set up for nonverbal expression
software: arduino code/ conversation design/ conversation code

Cylia: industrial design/ arduino set up and coding for nonverbal expression
Jiahua: conversation design and coding / FSM design
Gabbie: conversation design and coding / 

2. Provide a reasonably detailed use case or two. Use any medium available for a compelling delivery: video, hands on mock-up experience, simulation on a computer, Wizard-of-Oz demo, etc.
3. Based on the use cases, specify the requirements and the features that the interaction with your device will need to support these use cases: e.g. if there is a speech recognition requirement, what is the desired corpus coverage. If there is a nonverbal behaviors to be recognized, what are they. Same with generation: what verbal and non-verbal expressions have to be generated, how they should be synchronized with the recognition of speech or non-verbal expressions. One way to communicate the logic of many interacting parts in your product is by presenting an FSM that corresponds to your case.
4. Based on the requirements and features, come up with the industrial design, hardware and software architectures of your product. Most of your technologies should be decided upon and already tested by you.
5. Ideally, present some sort of a demo of your use case or of a part of the use case.
6. Create "milestone1" folder in your project's gitHub repository and update it with all the relevant materials necessary for a third-party to reproduce your project. These should include:
- Requirements (from item 3).
- Industrial design, schematics, code (from item 4)
- Photos and/or videos of your use case demo (from item 5).

Next project milestone presentations will be in two weeks after Milestone 1. Milestone 2 presentation must include live demo of a part the product's functionality.


Part 2 (email to me)
Last week we've got to talk a bit about Ethnics and the meaning of life :) with Michael Chemers. Below is a talk about ethnics in robotics, that, while a bit dated (2009) is still relevant.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giKT8PkCCv4

Given your impressions from the talk by Michael Chemers and this video of Illah Nourbakhsh, how would you define the ethnical considerations you would like to incorporate in your design endeavors in general, and conversational interfaces specifically.
